>> Brian Holt: Any questions?
>> Speaker 2: Can you show again that
[INAUDIBLE] environment that you run for
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, [INAUDIBLE] equals
server, nodomanserver,js No damon
[INAUDIBLE] use the term like node or
the command node, the no damon just drops
in and just puts in a file watcher.
And there's 10 of these.
There's N, and I think there's, not N.
It might be N.
Watchmen, any number of
these things they all work.
So, [COUGH] just to show
you real quick how you
might consider building for production.
Notice that these bundles are huge, right?
But these are developer builds.
>> Brian Holt: So instead, one might
consider when you're building for
production, you wanna do it
with some specific flags.
So you're gonna do
NODE_ENV=production webpack -p.
That lets it know build for product.
Okay, notice these got slightly smaller.
Not that much smaller.
>> Brian Holt: I feel like this still
should have gotten smaller than it did.
All right,
what happens if I just run web pack?
>> Brian Holt: Cuz I'm
not running Uglify am I.
>> Brian Holt: Well, in any case,
what you would run with uglify.
>> Brian Holt: [INAUDIBLE]
guides.
>> Brian Holt: Building for production,
that's what I'm looking for.
>> Brian Holt: That's fine,
minification this is all I'm looking for.
Yep.
>> Brian Holt: So, what we're gonna do
here just real quick just to show you how
to build for project, with webpack.
You're gonna say const
webpack = require webpack,
this is inside of your webpack config,
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna just put-
>> Brian Holt: Plugins.
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna give
it this little bit right here,
which I just pulled off the webpack docs.
>> Brian Holt: Webpack.optimize.Uglify,
right.
It's built right into webpack.
And this is going to all of it and
uglify and
minify and do all that funny stuff, okay?
>> Speaker 3: Nevermind.
>> Brian Holt: Got it [LAUGH].
So, let's try that again.
Unexpected token.
I probably didn't need the second one.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Turn it that as
well It's annoying if I do.
>> Brian Holt: I had this
working differently, but.
>> Brian Holt: It must be including
something in here that's bigger than what
I had previously.
>> Brian Holt: But in any case.
That's more or less how you
start building for production.
You define your enviroment
to be production.
You turn on Uglify In any case,
we end up with a pretty big bill
because we have things like react.
We have redux.
We have some data that we're pulling in.
We have some stuff that
web pack is including.
We're including way too many poly
fills with our babblerc file.
That might be part of it too.
>> Speaker 4: Philip suggesting, I think,
Dev Tool cheap module source map.
>> Brian Holt: That's what it is.
Is that what I had?
Cheap module source map.
Yep,
cheap-module-source-map.
[BLANK AUDIO].
So that's good.
>> Brian Holt: Just get rid of devtool
together, momentarily.
>> Brian Holt: Because you don't want
to shut those out to production anyway.
If it doesn't work then, screw it,
we don't want it anyway.
>> Speaker 4: Craig is also asking
if production includes everything
in low dash.
>> Brian Holt: No,
because that's only server side.
And you can click everything you want,
willy-nilly server side.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, yes,
this is more I was looking for.
Okay, so our production build ends
up being 218K for the main app.
13K For 13-15 K for
the smaller bundles this is more
aligned with what I was expecting.
So not horrible,
not great but, 218 is not a bad
pace to work with that's about all the
libraries we are working with that's axis,
reaxis and reducts All those additional
things that we're pulling as well.
Not horrible.
Writing another 100K of
uglified/sp code is a lot of code.
And what the web pack team suggested
is don't ship anything much more than
300K in a bundle if you can, split that
off routes are an easy place to do that.
Our friend asked us does it
tell you what code is dropped?
It looks like it does.